Update download-software-licenses-csp.md (#12288)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/admin/setup/download-software-licenses-csp.md

You must be a Global admin to do the steps in this article. For more information, see [About admin roles](../add-users/about-admin-roles.md).

> [!NOTE]

> > If you are a partner, you need to log in to the customer tenant with an admin account created in this tenant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you are a partner, you need to sign in to the customer's organization with an admin account created in the organization.
```
